docs: clarify Formula location in Tap repositories (#7710)
Homebrew/brew: docs/How-to-Create-and-Maintain-a-Tap.md

The `brew tap-new` command can be used to create a new tap along with some
template files.

Tap formulae follow the same format as the core’s ones, and can be added under

> either the `Formula` or `HomebrewFormula` subdirectories, or at the repository’s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
either the `Formula` subdirectory, `HomebrewFormula` subdirectory or the repository’s
```

Reviewer: The extra `the` is fine with me. We avoid the Oxford comma: https://docs.brew.sh/Prose-Style-Guidelines#typographical-conventions
